Fetch icon SVG markup from Figma (#1344)
guardian/source: packages/@guardian/source-react-components/scripts/README.md

# `@guardian/source-react-components` scripts

## `fetch-icons`

> Pulls the SVG source of icons from Figma and updates icon components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulls the SVG source of icons from Figma and generates react components from them using [SVGR](https://github.com/gregberge/svgr).
```
